# Кроссовки на авито (RestoSam)

**2. RestoSam**\
Are you familiar with long waits and searching for a waiter, slow
service and low quality? The system being developed should solve these
issues.

It is necessary to provide the ability to book a table and order dishes
for a certain time with prepayment by bank card or through a payment
system. By the time you arrive at the restaurant, everything is ready.

You can book according to the hall plan, which displays the layout,
location of tables, current and average occupancy on a given day of the
week. When choosing dishes for pre-order, you can view the multimedia
menu (of varying detail depending on the speed of the line), get advice
on choosing a dish.

In addition, it is necessary to provide the ability to select a
restaurant by the set of dishes that you would like to have for
dinner/lunch, price, distance and other parameters.

In the restaurant itself, you can call a waiter via phone, as well as
pay the bill.The system tracks and saves the client\'s actions in a log
and, based on them, creates a preference map and suggests where to go
and what to eat tomorrow/during the week.

RestoSam

Знакомы с долгим ожиданием и поиском официанта, медленным обслуживанием
и низким качеством? Разрабатываемая система должна решить эти проблемы.
Необходимо обеспечить возможность бронирования стола и предварительного
заказа блюд на определённое время с предоплатой банковской картой или
через платёжную систему. К вашему приезду в ресторан всё будет готово.

Бронирование доступно по плану зала, который отображает схему,
расположение столов, текущую и среднюю загруженность в выбранный день
недели. При выборе блюд для предзаказа можно просматривать
мультимедийное меню (с разной степенью детализации в зависимости от
скорости интернет‑соединения/канала связи) и получать советы по выбору
блюда.

Кроме того, необходимо обеспечить возможность подбора ресторана по
набору желаемых блюд на ужин/обед, цене, расстоянию и другим параметрам.

В самом ресторане можно вызвать официанта через приложение на телефоне,
а также оплатить счёт.

Система отслеживает и сохраняет действия клиента в журнал и на их основе
формирует карту предпочтений, предлагая, куда сходить и что поесть
завтра или в течение недели.

#  Business Goals

1\. Which guest segments are a priority for you?

2\. What processes should be automated in MVP?

3\. What additional sources of income are being considered?

4\. What is your plan to reduce returns/reworks due to order changes?

5\. Do we need to integrate loyalty programs?

### C. Functionality

1.  What details should be included in the interactive plan of the
    > restaurant (e.g., table capacity, availability, location near
    > windows/doors)?

2.  Should the pre-order menu adapt dynamically (e.g., hide out-of-stock
    > items)?

3.  How should recommendations be generated (based on past orders,
    > dietary preferences, seasonal dishes)?

4.  How should customers be able to search and filter restaurants (by
    > price, cuisine, location, rating, specific dish availability)?

5.  Should the app support split payments, group reservations, or
    > bill-sharing?

6.  What is the expected flow for calling a waiter or paying a bill
    > inside the restaurant?

7.  Should restaurants have an admin dashboard to manage menu items,
    > table availability, and customer requests?

8.  Must there be tech support for specific cases (like in Yandex Food)?

9.  Tech support should be like a chatbot with AI or it should be a real
    > manager?

**D. Quality attributes**

1.  How frequently will menu updates need to be pushed to the system?
    > (Performance)

2.  What authentication methods will be used for customer accounts?
    > (Security)

3.  Which payment systems and banks must the system integrate with?
    > (Integration)

4.  Should the interface adapt to different devices (mobile, tablet,
    > desktop)? (Usability)

5.  What languages should the system support? (Usability)

6.  What accessibility standards must the system meet? (Usability)

b\. Boundaries and Constraints

1.  What is the maximum number of concurrent users the system must
    > handle during peak hours?

2.  How many restaurants should the system support at launch, and what
    > is (if planned) the goal to scale?

3.  Are there restrictions on third-party APIs?

4.  What are the timings for every stage of the order: ordering in
    > advance, cooking time, late coming of a client?

5.  Is it allowed for restaurants to order food from each other using
    > the app?
