\[00:00:00\]

Which guest segments are priority for you?

\[00:00:04\]

That should prioritize mass auditory who want to quickly eat at
restaurant and don\'t wait to order dishes being inside of it.

\[00:00:20\]

So they can pre-order the food and then just eat it at the restaurant.

\[00:00:27\]

What processes should be automated in MVP?

\[00:00:32\]

Processes of ordering food, of payment processing, of calling the
waiter.

\[00:00:44\]

What else?

\[00:00:48\]

Maybe for some more functionality we can automate delivery, but I guess
it is not MVP already.

\[00:01:01\]

So in MVP it should be waitress, payment processing and food ordering.

\[00:01:09\]

Also there should be an interactive map to choose the restaurant to
order from and interactive map of the restaurant itself to choose a
table.

\[00:01:23\]

What additional sources of income are being considered?

\[00:01:30\]

The main source of income will be ordering food from our app.

\[00:01:37\]

Also it will be the conventional ordering of food in my restaurant.

\[00:01:46\]

But in general we can consider adding delivery or some other services.

\[00:01:55\]

For example tips for waiters and we can take some taxes from these tips.

\[00:02:06\]

What is your plan to reduce return or reworks due to order changes?

\[00:02:14\]

If someone cancels his order we can move this order to someone else.

\[00:02:23\]

Because we have an automated system we can automatically decide where to
reassign this order to not waste the food.

\[00:02:33\]

For example if someone ordered a sandwich then change it to another type
of sandwich and someone at this point ordered that sandwich.

\[00:02:45\]

We can move this order to him without any consequences and he will get
the order even faster.

\[00:02:56\]

Do we need to integrate some loyalty programs?

\[00:03:00\]

I think yes because it is a good way to get new people in our program.

\[00:03:11\]

For example as a more simple approach we can make a referral system
where you can invite a friend for example and get a discount for the
order.

\[00:03:27\]

Ok, that\'s all for business part. Now we move to functionality plans.

\[00:03:34\]

What details should be included in the interactive plan of the
restaurant?

\[00:03:38\]

For example table capacity, availability, location of your window, doors
or else?

\[00:03:44\]

I think this map should be visual.

\[00:03:50\]

Have you booked a place in airplane?

\[00:03:53\]

Yes.

\[00:03:54\]

You got a scheme of airplane and can pick any seat that you like.

\[00:04:00\]

You can do something like show where this restaurant is located.

\[00:04:09\]

That person can pick it and order the food to this table.

\[00:04:15\]

By the way I think the restaurant should be informed that this table is
booked.

\[00:04:20\]

So the system will automatically book this table inside the restaurant
to prevent any race conditions.

\[00:04:30\]

Ok, so should the pre-order menu adapt automatically, for example if
some items will be out of stock?

\[00:04:42\]

I think it is hard to optimize checking if some items are out of stock.

\[00:04:49\]

But you can make a system that will be controlled by administrator of
this restaurant where he can add or remove some dishes or ingredients.

\[00:05:04\]

Ok, what about recommendations for food for our users? How they must be
implemented?

\[00:05:13\]

I think you can pick some examples from your competitors.

\[00:05:32\]

For example pick some recommendation system and train it for your
customers.

\[00:05:42\]

And they will get recommendations of food based on previous dishes and
for example their ratings that they have put on these dishes.

\[00:05:56\]

Ok, how should customers be able to search and filter restaurants? For
example by price, cuisine, location or something else?

\[00:06:07\]

I think you should consider all the main features.

\[00:06:12\]

For example take Yandex map and see what information is included for
restaurant here.

\[00:06:18\]

It will be location, average menu price, average rating etc.

\[00:06:27\]

So you take these features, sort them in order of relevance and pick the
most relevant ones which will be included in search.

\[00:06:39\]

Ok, should the apps or split payments group reservations or bill sharing
in the future?

\[00:06:45\]

I think it will be a good feature for future development of the app.

\[00:06:52\]

But for MVP one person order is ok.

\[00:06:59\]

What is the expected flow for calling a waiter or paying bill inside the
restaurant?

\[00:07:05\]

So what actions must be done?

\[00:07:09\]

Do you mean from user side?

\[00:07:11\]

Yes, like you want to order food and you proceed with the payment and
waiter accepts this order and what his actions will be.

\[00:07:28\]

Ok, so the user uses the app to order food he is eating inside the
restaurant.

\[00:07:36\]

So some waiter, like a taxist, gets a notification, he can get this
client or don\'t get it, so some other waiter will get him.

\[00:07:51\]

The one who gets this client will just deliver the order and maybe ask
for someone else if client wants.

\[00:08:03\]

Ok, that\'s good.

\[00:08:07\]

Should restaurants have an admin dashboard to manage menu items, table
availability and other parameters?

\[00:08:13\]

Yes, as I stated before, full optimization is pretty hard in this case.

\[00:08:22\]

So it is necessary to have an admin dashboard where administrator of the
restaurant can add or remove some items, manage current orders and other
stuff.

\[00:08:37\]

Ok.

\[00:08:40\]

What about tech support for individual cases like in Yandex food?

\[00:08:43\]

Uh I think main support should be uh uh related to the uh restaurant
itself but in case of technical uh problems uh there should be some
contact uh to fix it.

\[00:09:10\]

Okay, and the last one about tech support. Do you prefer chatbot or do
you prefer chatbot with AI or some real manager behind the tech support?

\[00:09:25\]

Uh, I think it\'s okay to have a chatbot if you want. Uh it will uh
simplify the work of tech support because often chatbot is enough.

\[00:00:00\]

How frequently will menu updates need to be pushed to the system?

\[00:00:07\]

I don\'t think this will be scheduled, but it will be controlled via
admin panel by administrators of the restaurants.

\[00:00:18\]

So it should work asynchronically and concurrently.

\[00:00:26\]

What about identification methods? What methods will be used for
customer accounts?

\[00:00:34\]

I think it will depend on the way you will develop the application.

\[00:00:43\]

For example, if it will be a web browser, then it will be just an
account with email or password, or integrating with other services.

\[00:00:55\]

For example, Yandex account login, Google account login, etc.

\[00:01:02\]

Which payment systems and banks must be used by the system to integrate
with?

\[00:01:08\]

The system should work with SBP, it should work with major bank cards,
for example, Mir, Visa, etc.

\[00:01:25\]

Maybe some bank payment systems, for example, Tepay, XBRPay, etc.

\[00:01:33\]

You talked about the devices. Should the interface adapt to different
devices, for example, mobile, tablet or desktop?

\[00:01:43\]

Yes, because users will use our app in different circumstances.

\[00:01:50\]

They can pre-order the food from home, for example, from desktop, or
order it being inside the restaurant using mobile phone or tablet.

\[00:02:04\]

So the interface should be adaptable.

\[00:02:08\]

What languages should the system support?

\[00:02:12\]

I think it will be enough to support Russian and English languages.

\[00:02:18\]

And what accessibility standards must the system meet?

\[00:02:27\]

I can\'t easily say, but you need to provide some brief research on this
topic.

\[00:02:36\]

For example, you can use the style of interface that will be accessible
by color-blind people.

\[00:02:50\]

And what about text-to-speech?

\[00:02:54\]

You can also integrate text-to-speech for blind people as well.

\[00:03:01\]

Okay.

\[00:03:06\]

So, what is the maximum number of concurrent users the system must
handle during peak hours?

\[00:03:15\]

Because we will have several restaurants in our system, it is hard to
predict exactly how many users it should handle.

\[00:03:27\]

But if we pick, for example, 150 users per restaurant at peak hours, it
should scale like this.

\[00:03:40\]

And, for example, for 10 restaurants, it will be at least 1.5 thousand
people.

\[00:03:53\]

Okay.

\[00:03:54\]

So, what about the amount of restaurants should the system support at
launch?

\[00:03:58\]

And what is the goal to scale?

\[00:04:03\]

At launch, it should support at least 1 restaurant and scale up to 10 in
several months.

\[00:04:12\]

Okay.

\[00:04:13\]

Are there any restrictions on third-party APIs?

\[00:04:16\]

No, you can use any APIs if they are available to pay from Russia.

\[00:04:27\]

Okay.

\[00:04:28\]

So, let\'s talk about timings for every stage of the order, including
ordering in advance, cooking time, late coming of a client.

\[00:04:42\]

So, the client should have ability to order in advance.

\[00:04:47\]

For example, let us pick a boundary for one hour in advance.

\[00:04:57\]

So, minimum one hour.

\[00:04:58\]

Maximum one hour.

\[00:05:02\]

Or minimum.

\[00:05:03\]

So, can user have order two hours before his arrival?

\[00:05:11\]

Yes, it will be minimum one hour before.

\[00:05:15\]

So, the order will be properly scheduled and cooked at the restaurant.

\[00:05:23\]

And he can order the food, for example, a day before.

\[00:05:33\]

So, the maximum boundary is a day, 24 hours, but it should consider the
changes in menu.

\[00:05:43\]

So, if some ingredients aren\'t available at some point, the user will
be notified in advance to change his order.

\[00:05:55\]

Like, if you have used delivery in Pyaterochka, they notify you if they
don\'t have this product.

\[00:06:07\]

So, yeah.

\[00:06:09\]

For cooking time, let us take one hour.

\[00:06:14\]

So, it will be at least one hour before.

\[00:06:16\]

And late coming of a client will be up to 15 minutes.

\[00:06:24\]

I think that\'s enough and it will be okay.

\[00:06:28\]

Okay, the last one.

\[00:06:30\]

Is it allowed for restaurants to order food from each other using the
app?

\[00:06:37\]

For example, I think it\'s if some products are not available or changes
happen.

\[00:06:45\]

So, it will be B2B.

\[00:06:54\]

Like, with transporting food from one restaurant to another.

\[00:06:59\]

I think it\'s a cool idea, but for scale, not for the MVP.

\[00:07:06\]

For the MVP, let\'s use B2C system with only client order.

\[00:07:17\]

Okay, thank you.

\[00:07:18\]

Thank you, goodbye.

## Set of Deliverables

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Deliverable**       **Description**                        **Priority**
  --------------------- -------------------------------------- --------------
  Mobile Application    Native iOS/Android app for customers   Must Have

  Web Application       Responsive web interface for customers Must Have

  Restaurant Admin      Web-based management system for        Must Have
  Dashboard             restaurants                            

  Payment Processing    Integration with multiple payment      Must Have
  System                providers                              

  Interactive           Visual table selection and booking     Must Have
  Restaurant Maps       system                                 

  Menu Management       Dynamic menu updates and item          Must Have
  System                availability                           

  Waiter Notification   Real-time order and service request    Must Have
  System                alerts                                 

  User Account          Registration, authentication, and      Must Have
  Management            profile management                     

  Order Management      End-to-end order processing and        Must Have
  System                tracking                               

  Recommendation Engine AI-powered food suggestions based on   Should Have
                        user preferences                       

  Loyalty Program       Referral system and customer rewards   Should Have
  Module                                                       

  Multi-language        Russian and English localization       Should Have
  Support                                                      

  Accessibility         Support for color-blind and visually   Could Have
  Features              impaired users                         

  Analytics Dashboard   Business intelligence and reporting    Could Have
                        tools                                  
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 

## Functional Requirements

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **ID**   **Requirement**   **Description**            **Priority**
  -------- ----------------- -------------------------- ---------------------
  FR-001   Food Pre-ordering Users must be able to      Must Have
                             pre-order food 1-24 hours  
                             in advance                 

  FR-002   Table Booking     Users must be able to book Must Have
                             specific tables using      
                             interactive restaurant     
                             maps                       

  FR-003   Payment           System must process        Must Have
           Processing        payments via SBP, Mir,     
                             Visa, and other bank cards 

  FR-004   Restaurant Search Users must be able to      Must Have
                             search restaurants by      
                             cuisine, price, location,  
                             and rating                 

  FR-005   Interactive       Visual representation of   Must Have
           Restaurant Map    restaurant layout with     
                             table availability         

  FR-006   Waiter Calling    In-restaurant waiter       Must Have
                             request system with        
                             notifications              

  FR-007   Menu Management   Restaurant administrators  Must Have
                             must be able to update     
                             menu items and             
                             availability               

  FR-008   Order             System must automatically  Must Have
           Reassignment      reassign cancelled orders  
                             to prevent waste           

  FR-009   User Account      Support for email/password Must Have
           Management        and social media login     
                             (Yandex, Google)           

  FR-010   Food              AI-powered suggestions     Should Have
           Recommendations   based on user history and  
                             ratings                    

  FR-011   Loyalty Program   Referral system with       Should Have
                             discounts for inviting     
                             friends                    

  FR-012   Multi-device      Responsive design for      Should Have
           Support           mobile, tablet, and        
                             desktop                    

  FR-013   Multimedia Menu   Rich media content with    Should Have
                             images and detailed        
                             descriptions               

  FR-014   Bill Payment      In-restaurant bill payment Should Have
                             through the app            

  FR-015   Preference        User behavior tracking to  Could Have
           Mapping           create preference profiles 

  FR-016   Group             Support for multiple       Could Have
           Reservations      people booking and bill    
                             splitting                  

  FR-017   Delivery          Food delivery option for   Won\'t Have
           Integration       future expansion           

  FR-018   B2B Restaurant    Restaurants ordering from  Won\'t Have
           Orders            each other                 
  ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 

## Non-Functional Requirements

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **ID**    **Requirement**   **Description**                **Priority**
  --------- ----------------- ------------------------------ ---------------------
  NFR-001   Performance       Support 150 concurrent users   Must Have
                              per restaurant during peak     
                              hours                          

  NFR-002   Scalability       Scale from 1 restaurant at     Must Have
                              launch to 10 restaurants       
                              within several months          

  NFR-003   Multi-language    Support for Russian and        Must Have
                              English languages              

  NFR-004   Cross-platform    Native mobile apps for iOS and Must Have
                              Android                        

  NFR-005   Accessibility     Compliance for visually        Should Have
                              impaired users                 
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## 

## Architectural Constraints

## Technology Constraints

-   **Payment Integration**: Must use payment systems available in
    > Russia (SBP, Mir, Visa)

-   **Third-party APIs**: No restrictions on API usage if accessible
    > from Russia

-   **Platform Support**: Web-based admin dashboard, Web and native
    > mobile client applications

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   **Real-time Processing**: Order and table booking updates must be
    > processed in real-time

-   **Concurrent Users**: Architecture must handle 150+ concurrent users
    > per restaurant

-   **Integration Requirements**: Admin dashboard for restaurant
    > management and real-time menu updates

## Operational Constraints

-   **Advance Booking Window**: 1 hour minimum to 24 hours maximum for
    > pre-orders

-   **Late Arrival Grace Period**: 15-minute buffer for customer
    > arrivals

-   **Menu Update Frequency**: Asynchronous, on-demand updates through
    > admin panel

-   **Order Cancellation**: Automatic reassignment system to minimize
    > food waste

## User Experience Constraints

-   **Accessibility Standards**: Support for color-blind users and
    > text-to-speech functionality (optional)

-   **Language Support**: Bilingual interface (Russian and English)

-   **Authentication Options**: Multiple login methods including social
    > media integration (optional)

-   **Responsive Design**: Consistent experience across all device types
    > and screen sizes
